k6 backend (#178)
hellofresh/kangal: docs/k6/README.md

<!-- comment -->

## Configuring k6 resource requirements
By default, Kangal does not specify resource requirements for loadtests run with k6 as a backend.

You can specify resource limits and requests for k6 containers to ensure that when the load generator runs, it has sufficient resources and will not fail before the service does.

The following environment variables can be specified to configure this parameter:

```bash
K6_CPU_LIMITS
K6_CPU_REQUESTS
K6_MEMORY_LIMITS
K6_MEMORY_REQUESTS
```

You have to specify these variables on Kangal Controller, read more at [charts/kangal/README.md](/charts/kangal/README.md#kangal-controller-k6-specific).

More information regarding resource limits and requests can be found in the following page(s):

- https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/
- https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/gcp/kubernetes-best-practices-resource-requests-and-limits

## Writing tests
It's recommended to read [official k6 documentation](https://k6.io/docs/).

## Reporting

> k6 can write test statistics in multiple formats using the `K6_OUT` envvar. To persist the summary, put the code below into your testfile using the [handleSummary function](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/end-of-test-summary/#handlesummary-callback).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 can write test statistics in multiple formats using the `K6_OUT` environment variables. To persist the summary, put the code below into your testfile using the [handleSummary function](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/end-of-test-summary/#handlesummary-callback).
```

```js
import http from 'k6/http';

export default function () {
  // your test code here....
}

export function handleSummary(data) {
    console.log('Preparing the end-of-test summary...');

    if (!__ENV.REPORT_PRESIGNED_URL) {
        return
    } 
    const resp = http.put(__ENV.REPORT_PRESIGNED_URL, JSON.stringify(data),
        {
           headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json'}
        });
    
    if (resp.status != 200) {
        console.error('Could not send summary, got status ' + resp.status);
    }
}
```

You can use https://github.com/benc-uk/k6-reporter to create a HTML Report.

> Note: There aren't any concept of master/worker in k6. Metrics will not be automatically aggregated. To be able to aggregate your metrics and analyse them together, you’ll need to set K6_OUT env to send statics to another service (influxdb, prometheus, etc).

## Logs

There aren't any concept of master/worker in k6. All pods running k6 tests are workers.

For the logs of the worker pod use the index number of the worker.

> Index numbers are `0`, `1`, etc, according to the number of workers you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index numbers are `0`, `1`, etc., according to the number of workers you created.
```
